Support Playbook: Add summer 2025 pricing and tier changes support section (#3722)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/development/support/troubleshooting.md

When debugging FlowFuse Dashboard issues a very useful tool is the `_debug` view which is served up with every FlowFuse Dashboard. You can read more about it in the [FlowFuse Dashboard documentation](https://dashboard.flowfuse.com/contributing/widgets/debugging).

Any bugs found for FlowFuse Dashboard should be logged as as an issue in the [FlowFuse Dashboard repository](https://github.com/FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard/issues).

> ### Support queries about summer 2025 pricing and tier changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pricing
#### 2025 Pricing & Tier Changes
```

Coupon TRYSTARTER will give a customer a free month of Starter with one hosted instance (included with Starter) and one remote instance (because they're used to this when migrating from Free).

They can get an additional free month by choosing annual billing.

Existing Starter customers were notified of the change via emails on July 28 and August 15 (reminder)

Existing Free users were notified of the change via emails on August 4 and August 19. In that follow-up email, they were given the TRYSTARTER coupon.

> Starter now only includes one hosted instance (down from two hosted and two remote instances), but also includes more CPU and RAM than previously.

Reviewer: Can we structure this to be a bit more formal, rather than just a list of notes please?

Some context in an opening paragraph would be useful, what changes were made, link to an article? Then detail that the customers were notified on X.

Then detail the options for coupons, and the Annual Billing option.

Any bugs found for FlowFuse Dashboard should be logged as as an issue in the [FlowFuse Dashboard repository](https://github.com/FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard/issues).

### Pricing
#### 2025 Pricing & Tier Changes

In summer of 2025, FlowFuse deprecated the Free tier and changed the pricing structure of the Starter tier. 

The Free tier was built to enable remote device management and provided for two remote instances, [free of charge.](https://flowfuse.com/blog/2024/12/flowfuse-release-2-12/). As we found that users were looking for cloud-hosted Node-RED instances, the Free tier did not meet this expectation, and was deprecated.

To support users seeking cloud-hosted Node-RED, the Starter tier was revised to provide a more powerful hosted instance, with greater CPU and memory than before. In addition, the tier went from offering two hosted instances and two remote instances, to only a single, more powerful hosted instance.

Existing Starter customers were notified of the change via emails on July 28 and August 15 (reminder)

Existing Free users were notified of the change via emails on August 4 and August 19.

> To ease the transition of Free users to Starter, and Starter users to the revised pricing structure, the coupon TRYSTARTER was offered. Coupon TRYSTARTER will give a customer a free month of Starter with one hosted instance (included with Starter) and one remote instance (because they're used to this when migrating from Free).

Author: ```suggestion
To ease the transition of Free users to Starter, and Starter users to the revised pricing structure, [a coupon](https://dashboard.stripe.com/acct_1KJbS4J6VWAujNoL/coupons/n9TR0YgU) was offered. The coupon will give a customer a free month of Starter with one hosted instance (included with Starter) and one remote instance (because they're used to this when migrating from Free).
```
